i want you to generate appropriate images and place them inside the blog pages for all the blogs. means add them and generate image like it make more good effect to read the blog and it make more clarity about the blog. so brainstrom the best and generate the image and add it to the blog please. and brainstrom the best if anything missing to the blog pages and add them. and the cards of the blog page is not good means for the blog card also add an amazing image so it look grate card and also it make sense to the blog title, and i dont want to limit the blogs like 2025 like that i want to have it like evergreen so update the content like that and make it evergreen and add images very good and place them good place wherever needed and add the image for the blog card and like all most blog websites do and make the best output please.and add the links of blogs in the tools page good like you did earlier and add the tools page link in the blogs means whicherve the blog is abl=out add its tool link there same as the blog content page in the tool page. and i want you to update the content all the best content sections for the tools page also means in some tools page there are some best content and best ui but for some tools page tehre are some missing i dont want to have like this add sections which make the tools page more powerfull fo ranking. only add the necessary content and sections dont add over content means lots of content will be also an problem. and i want this all things mobile first compatable also pc compatable means they should look good in any screen mostly. and update the sitemap crawerler and anything like related to this and make the best output.i want eeat to be best for my website in all aspects. and warning i dont wnat you to change any tools working code or update any ui/ux or anything which cause an error or unusual ui/ux i want ui/ux same for all over the website same background like which is like now so dont change anything. and also check the all website is adapting dark mode and light mode also and fix them. check if there are any issues deeply check and fix it and contrast button not placed corerclyt or cards all are not same allignments like buttons or cards not looking same some buttons below or anything check them also.and ading the links like blog links to their particular tool page. and tool link in the blog pages. like this all best practices brainstrom the best things.and addingmissing sections in the tools page if anything missing which are present in other pages.and make an detailed plan for this and give it to me what you are going to do. ok now tell me what are you going to do and give the report dont change anything now in the code i will see the report and tell you. and divide this all things in the 2 phases. only tell dont change any code.