ok as all the things are implemented and all is super sucessfull. i want you to one last time check all the website means check all the things if their is anything left means to add to this website. like anything seo google ranking and ai ranking. eeat. or google analytics and google console links and any suggestions or anything which i missed to tell you. brainstrom all search all depp search and tell me what we can implement if any. only the necessary things which dont cause me any issue in the future like any google policies breaking or user experience or anything. take your time and give detailed report. and also deep search website for any bugs or any functionality issue or any navigation issue. as i have found one is when we go in the tools page its giving an option back to tools buton but when i click it it should go to the previos tool page as it is but its just reloading the page and giving the same page means i think its just refreshing the [age like reload. so like this if there is any thing which is having issues like this check them also deeply and tell. and there is an issue that the pdf unlock is not showing in the nav bar options means when i see in nav bar menu its not there and this pdf unlock is the main and on of the best tool so this should be more proirity after the compressor so look this also. and there is an nav bar issue also like its having the altaftoolshub text after the logo its little up means not exactlyt perfectly aligned with the logo so align it correctly. and there are too many options in the nav bar  i want to remove about button of the menu. only remobe this button only. and make the nav bar more good as in the pc view its coming in front of the logo of the website. so make this more adjusting spaces and all but very good and profession like an ui/ux designer. and there is contract issues in some part of website means for the badges or any buttons and all check if there is an contract issues in the website i got one which i have selected it with div. and like this any i have missed check all of the things and tell me. and also i want this website mobile first compatable and the pc also. so check it also for both side best looking

and also make the sitemap the best and make the blogs also su[per good means it should be showing to ai when someone search something and best keywords and all so it ranks in the website. like this is their anything to implenet check and tell me. check detailed and tell me the full report. only tell dont change anything else please.